Huge Orchid Boa

high

# Unauthorized users can perform actions that were intended to be restricted to trusted addresses `initialize`, `invoke`, and `_approve`, do not have access control modifiers or permission checks
## Summary
The code lacks proper access control mechanisms, allowing unauthorized users to potentially call sensitive functions and manipulate contract data.

## Vulnerability Detail
The lack of access control is a critical security concern in the provided code. Many functions, including `initialize`, `invoke`, and `_approve`, do not have access control modifiers or permission checks. This oversight means that any Ethereum address can call these functions, potentially leading to unauthorized actions that can harm the contract's integrity and security.


## Impact
Unauthorized users can perform actions that were intended to be restricted to trusted addresses. This could include manipulating contract data, invoking critical functions, or performing actions that disrupt the contract's intended behavior.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-extensions/contracts/MultiInvoker.sol#L77

```solidity
// Vulnerable function with no access control
function initialize(AggregatorV3Interface ethOracle_) external initializer(1) {
    // ...
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate the lack of access control, implement access control mechanisms using OpenZeppelin's Ownable or AccessControl, restricting the execution of sensitive functions to trusted addresses. Below is an example of how to implement access control using Ownable:

```solidity
import "@openzeppelin/contracts/access/Ownable.sol";

contract MultiInvoker is Ownable {
    // ...

    // Restricted function that can only be called by the contract owner
    function setMarketFactory(address marketFactory_) external onlyOwner {
        marketFactory = IFactory(marketFactory_);
    }

    // ...
}
```

By inheriting from `Ownable` and using the `onlyOwner` modifier, you can restrict specific functions to be accessible only by the contract owner. Implement similar access control for other sensitive functions in the contract.