Huge Orchid Boa

medium

# The contract uses a constant gas buffer (`GAS_BUFFER`) set to 100,000, which may not be sufficient for complex operations, potentially leading to transaction failures or inconsistent states.
## Summary
The contract uses a constant gas buffer (`GAS_BUFFER`) set to 100,000, which may not be sufficient for complex operations, potentially leading to transaction failures or inconsistent states.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability lies in the assumption of a constant gas buffer (`GAS_BUFFER`). This approach may not account for varying gas requirements, especially when Ethereum's gas prices are high. Complex operations or unexpected conditions during execution may exceed the specified gas buffer.

## Impact
If the gas buffer is insufficient for certain transactions, they may fail to execute completely, resulting in wasted gas fees and leaving the contract in an inconsistent state. This could potentially impact the contract's functionality and security.

## Code Snippet
 of the vulnerable constant gas buffer in the code:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-extensions/contracts/MultiInvoker.sol#L20

```solidity
uint256 public constant GAS_BUFFER = 100000; // solhint-disable-line var-name-mixedcase
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Mitigating the gas limitations and make gas estimation more flexible, consider using the `gasleft()` function to determine the required gas for transactions dynamically. This approach allows the contract to adapt to varying gas requirements and avoid running out of gas during complex or unexpected operations.

Recommendation of how to use `gasleft()` for gas estimation:

```solidity
// Function with dynamic gas estimation
function executeWithDynamicGas() external {
    // Estimate gas consumption
    uint256 gasRequired = gasleft();

    // operations...

    // Check if there's enough gas to complete the transaction
    require(gasleft() >= gasRequired, "Insufficient gas");
    
}
```

By using `gasleft()`, you can accurately estimate the required gas for transactions and ensure that the contract has enough gas to complete operations successfully. This approach provides greater flexibility and resilience to varying gas conditions on the Ethereum network.