Jolly Velvet Unicorn

high

# _socialize() function is vulnerable to being gamed by attackers
## Summary
The _socialize() function could be gamed by attackers by carefully controlling deposit/redeem amounts. 
## Vulnerability Detail
The _socialize() function calculates the claimAmount that the user will receive after depositing/redeeming, by taking into account social losses and fees. It does this by calculating the totalCollateral as: [Link1](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-vault/contracts/Vault.sol#L322). And then calculating the claimAmount as: [Link2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-vault/contracts/Vault.sol#L323)
This means the claimAmount depends on the totalCollateral in the system.

An attacker could exploit this by:

1.  Making a large deposit to increase the totalCollateral significantly.
2. Then making a small redeem to trigger the _socialize() function.
3. Because the totalCollateral is now larger due to their deposit, but the global.assets has remained the same, their claimAmount will be a larger % of their original claimAssets than it should be.
4. This allows them to extract more assets than they deposited, at the expense of other users.
## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-vault/contracts/Vault.sol#L322
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-09-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-vault/contracts/Vault.sol#L323
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The totalCollateral should be calculated based on the state at the beginning of the transaction, before any deposits/redeems. Or probably by changing the socialization math to use a time-weighted average collateral level over a period rather than a snapshot.